### Project 3 - Subreddit Classification
---
Reddit is a social media website focused on social news aggregation, web content rating, and discussions. Members contribute content through different subreddits(community-managed pages) that are then voted up or down by other members of the community. Scored through an algorithm that measures votes and among other things time that the post has been there, which assures that new content will always float to the top. Submissions with a high enough score will make it to the front page of reddit. Reddit's subreddits have created interesting niche communities that have flourished and may not have survived on other parts of the internet.

r/AmiTheAsshole and r/relationships are subreddits that have communities built around helping people through the collective opinion of others. r/AmiTheAsshole focuses on helping people gain perspective on conflict and r/relationships focuses on helping people in their interpersonal relationships. While the subreddits seem far apart, conflict and interpersonal relationships are often intertwined. By building models to effectively classify between the two subreddits, then finding the features that drive the coefficients, this project aims to understand how people use language when describing general conflict in comparison to interpersonal conflict.

### Summary of Findings & Recommendations
---
Using a pipeline to input 2 classifiers for 2 estimators on 2 dataframes, I was able to identify a model that was able to predict the test scores at an 84.4% success rate. The model correctly classified 86.2% of the positive class(r/AmiTheAsshole) and 82.5% of the negative class(r/relationships). The model actually achieved a respectable ROC AUC score of 0.914 which separated the populations very well with a reasonable degree of error.

The best model generated by the pipeline used the TfidVectorizer classifier and the Logistic Regression estimator which generated a score on the test data of 84.4%. Some interesting features were used in predicting the data. In general, the features were more or less expected. r/relationship's predictors were geared toward relationships, with features such as (guy, girl, like, dating, love, sex). However, the top predictor for r/relationships was advice, which seems to tell me more about r/AmiTheAsshole (where people could be looking for justification and not 'advice' per se).

r/AmiTheAsshole seens to be (at least to me) where the model got creative. The highest coef ended up being 'edit', for posters in r/AITA, voters can evaluate a given situation by the original poster as (YTA) meaning you're the asshole in the situation. The original poster sometimes leaves statements such as 'edit: just wanted to give you more reasons why i'm in the right' which the model had apparently picked up on as a predictor for AITA. Additionally, fair mention for brother and sister being in the top coefs for differentiating r/AITA and r/relationships, since a brother or sister in the situation reduces the chances of the situation being about a partner.

### Data Dictionary
---
|Feature|Type|Dataset|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
|title        |str      |aita/rs|title of each reddit post
|title_len    |float    |aita/rs|length of the title in each reddit post
|selftext     |str      |aita/rs|body text of each reddit post
|selftext_len |float    |aita/rs|length of the body text in each reddit post
|subreddit    |str      |aita/rs|subreddit the post is from
